Binary Trees:
Its a tree data structure in which each node have atmost 2 childrens, which are referred to as 
Left and Right Subtree.

Binary Search Trees:
Its a special type of binary tree
For each key in the tree, all the key on its left subtree are less than it and all the keys in 
its right subtree are greater.
Its also called an ordered/ sorted binary tree.

Terminologies:
Root:
Very first node / parent node.

Parent:
Very first node having one or more child nodes.

Child:
Node which has link from its parent node.

Leaf/External Node:
Node having no child.

Internal Node:
Any node having its child nodes.

Depth of Node:
Number of edges from tree root node to the current node.
eg: Root Node have depth of 0.

Height of Node:
Number of edges on the longest path from node to the leaf.
eg:
Leaf node have height of 0.

Degree:
Number of subtrees of a node.
...........OR........
Total number of its children.
eg: 
Binary tree have atmost degree of 2.

Types:
Rooted Binary Tree:
root node and having atmost 2 children.

Complete Binary Tree:
It is a binary tree in which every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled, 
and all nodes are as far left as possible.

Full Binary Tree:
It is a tree in which every node in the tree has either 0 or 2 children.
Minimum Nodes: 2(Height)-1
Maximum Nodes: 2(h+1) – 1   (for height 5: Maximum Nodes will be 31)

Balanced Binary Search Tree:
A binary tree is height balanced if it satisfies the following constraints:
The left and right subtrees' heights differ by at most one.

Perfect Binary Tree:
It is a binary tree in which all interior nodes have two children and all leaves have the 
same depth or same level.

Degenerate/Pathological Binary Tree:
It is a tree is where each parent node has only one child node. It behaves like a linked list.

Skewed Binary Tree:
A skewed binary tree is a type of binary tree in which all the nodes have only either one child or no child.

// Extended Binary Tree:

Questions:
Number of Nodes in full binary tree of height 5. also find number of unique binary trees from them.
Describe a binary tree and explain how this data structure is different from others?
Binary Tree is recursive in nature?


Things to left in binary trees:
Insertion and deletion of a node in BST
